** Is the model not working? This may be due to Yahoo Finance changing their layout, affecting the application's web scraper. Please open an issue on Github, and I'll try to get to it as soon as possible. **

This Discounted Cash Flow model was computer-generated and relies on a number of generalized assumptions. It is highly recommended that the user of this model checks the assumptions listed below, and updates them as desired. These inputs are the ones that are most likely to require updates, but it is also recommended that you double-check that all the other inputs make sense as well. If you would like more information on how to use a DCF model, please consider referring to Investopedia's article on the topic: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dcf.asp

1. (Row 25) The first two years of growth projections are based on analyst estimates. For the remaining years of the DCF projection, growth is based on an average of the previous three years and analyst estimates. If analyst projections were unavailable, growth for every year of the DCF projection period is based on the average of the most recent three-year growth. It is highly recommended that you ensure these assumptions are reasonable, especially for companies which experienced high three-year growth. Furthermore, it is recommended that you research and fully understand the reasoning behind the analysts' projections, and update them if you disagree with the reasoning.
2. (Row 26) The EBIT margin is assumed to be the same as the trailing twelve months. If the company has recently undergone significant operational changes, or is projected to do so in the near future, the generated value may not reflect the future performance.
3. (Cell E5) The bond spread is obtained from Macroaxis's record of the company's coupon rates less their given coupon benchmark. This number may not have been pulled correctly, so check that the bond spread under "Cost of Debt" in the DCF is accurate. Furthermore, this number uses historical bond prices, so if a company's risk profile has changed significantly, these figures may not be meaningful.
4. (Cells B4 and E4) The risk-free rate is the current US Treasury Bond 10 year yield. Confirm that this number is up-to-date and makes sense for the given company (especially with respect to the company's operating region).
5. (Cell B5) The market risk premium is based on the average American market risk premium from 2011-2021. Make sure this number makes sense for the given company.
6. (Cell B6) The equity beta used to calculate the cost of equity is calculated by relevering the average of unlevered peer betas, not the current equity beta of the company. This is because both undervalued stocks as well as stocks that have undergone significant price discovery may have betas that do not reflect future price action. 
7. (Cell B13) The terminal growth rate is based on Pricewaterhousecooper's American GDP projections from 2016 to 2050. Confirm that this number is up-to-date and makes sense for the given company (especially with respect to the company's operating region).
8. (Cell B14) The tax rate is based on the TTM tax rate, but defaults to a minimum of 20% if the calculated rate is below this. Ensure that this year was not an outlier regarding taxes for the company, or that the 20% tax rate is accurate.
9. (Cells B14:B17) These inputs are used to calculate the values added back or subtracted from the NOPAT to calculate the free cash flow. They are based on the three-year historical average of the given values, so if the company has recently undergone significant operational changes, or is projected to do so in the near future, the generated values may not reflect the future performance.
10. All financial data except certain debt-related items were obtained from Yahoo Finance. Bond ratings and bond spreads were obtained from Macroaxis. It is possible that any or all of this data was outdated or innaccurate, so you may want to validate key figures by viewing the company's most recent 10-Q or 10-K filings.
11. Visit the "Peers" and "Peer Summaries" tabs of this workbook, and confirm that the identified peers are comparable to the given company. This includes reading the peer summaries and removing peers that operate in different industries or have very different business models. This also includes removing peers who are outliers in terms of P/E, EV/EBITDA, EV/Revenue, Debt/Equity, and Equity Beta. This is not a comprehensive list; please validate company peers at your own disgression.

After updating the above assumptions, feel free to delete this message and use this space to record your own research notes on the company. Thank you for using my application! I hope you find it helpful.

DISCLAIMER
This model is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading or investing purposes. The creator of this application is not a licensed financial advisor or chartered financial analyst, and therefore offers no financial advice to the user. The model and its outputs are not indicative of the creator's opinion on any given security. The model and its outputs do not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any given security. The creator of this application will not be liable for any financial losses occuring as a result of the use of the application. The creator of this application is not affiliated with Yahoo Finance, Macroaxis, or Investopedia and claims no ownership to any of their resources. The model and its outputs do no reflect the opinions of Yahoo Finance, Macroaxis, or Investopedia. 
